SUGARLOAF, MAINE 2011 REPORT                              26 July 2011
----------------------------------------------------------------------      
                                    John Tarbox [jtarbox@symdak.com]

It was a beautiful day on the mountain with temperatures in the 60’s,
bright and sunny. After riding the chairlift (this is a ski resort)to 
near the summit, I hiked up farther until I found a spot below the 
summit but with a clear shot to both Mount Washington to the south 
west and Katahdin to the east. (See the Google view on the web page).

As Lynn detailed in his message, my first APRS contact was with 
KB1POR-9 on Mount Washington with the radio reporting a distance of 
70.3 miles and a location of 144 17.10 N, 071 16.98 W alt 5121 feet.

Voice was 59 with Jeff (NETCON in Florida) via Verizon cellphone, 
full bars;-) I did not have any voice contact on 445.925, however.

Next in was KA1YBS (KATHDN-15) at a reported distance of 87.0 miles. 
45 53.19 N, 068 59.89 W. (no altitude reported). Katahdin was solid 
all afternoon and I continued to receive packets even after he 
reported he was hiking down the mountain.

The final signal heard was MTWASH-13 at a reported distance of 71.7 
miles and a position 44 16.23 N, 071 18.17 W. alt 6322 feet. I did 
not have voice contact with AA1WI and do not know if he was able to 
receive packets from me.

Cell phone voice coordination with net control (Lynn KJ4ERJ) was rock 
solid all day, also via Verizon.

I arrived on station at approximately 1215 and was released by Lynn 
at 1535. 

A handful of people came by and I was able to promote ham radio by 
explaining what we were doing with the golden packet. The all wished
us luck. On person snapped a couple! of photos which I will send to 
Bob.

I had a great time and look forward to doing it again next year if 
you will have me. Thanks to Bob for sending me a radio, without 
which there would have been no Sugarloaf.

John Tarbox, WA1KLI
