HIGH POINT, NJ TEST SITE 2011 REPORT                      26 July 2011
----------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                          Gordon W2TTT
Greetings,

Gordon W2TTT and Steve WI2W set up 2 packet monitoring stations in the 
parking lot about 50 feet lower than the monument at High Point NJ. 
The 2M antenna was a copper pipe J-pole at about 30 feet. We had a 
second packet station running with another copper pipe J-pole at about 
10 feet. Either Gordon or myself will upload the second data file 
shortly.  See highpoint-LOG2011.txt

We were not able to contact or hear either GDHILL or GREYLOCK on 70cm. 
We were able to bring up the GREYLOCK 2M voice repeater and make a 
contact successfully. The 70cm antenna was a small gain dualband 
vertical at 15 feet.

We had solid 70cm communications with Rojer NJ2R at Sams Point when 
the intermod at his location permitted.

High Point State Park is a drive-up location with a park entrance fee 
of $10 in season. It was not permitted to drive up to the base of the 
monument unless you had a handicapped sticker on your vehicle. It is 
however a short walk up to the monument and next year we might have 
better results carrying up a portable station to the base of the 
monument. If we do try this again next year I will bring 4 small 
yagi's to improve our chances for success.

The park rangers were pleasant and accommodating. We had several 
visitors throughout the afternoon. The were lots of people visiting 
the park. There are bathrooms with running water.

We got a few rain showers during the day but no thunder and lightning. 
It was fun to watch the weather all around us move in, out and on top 
of us all afternoon. At one point a low cloud engulfed us and 
completely obscured the monument only a few tens of feet away.

We had fun and will do it again next year if High Point is part of the 
event.

73,
Steve WI2W
