POSTING OBJECTS from the D7 or D700                      29 Oct 07
------------------------------------------------------------------

You can use your D7 or D700 radio to place any kind of object on 
the APRS system to alert other drivers of traffic problems, 
slowdowns, incidents, meetings, nets, or other local event with 
only a few button presses.  This works by changing your MYCALL 
temporarily to the OBJECT name and then sending a few packets to 
put it on the map.  You can even put this configuration in one of 
the radio's Program Memories (PM) if you want to generate it 
quickly.  Make these settings:

MYCALL:     <objname> 
STATUS TXT: FFF.FFFMHz ... comments
COMMENT:    Special
ICON:       <choose one>

Typical OBJECT names (have to be 6 characters):

  TRAFIC,  CRAWL,  PROBLM,  POLICE,  INCDNT, SPECAL, etc

If you want this object visible on FINDU and unique from all other
similar objects from other people, be sure to make your object
name unique.  Since this object name is transmitted in the call-
sign part of the Mic-E packet, it is limited to only 6 characters
and the SSID unilike a normal object which can have a 9 letter
name.   The FREQUENCY (if used) is shown in the correct format so 
that it can be auto-tuned by anyone with a D710.

POSITION:  The position transmitted for this object will be your
current position.  If needed, you can manually enter a better
location for the object using the POS button.

TRANSMITTING THE OBJECT:  Toggle the BCON button a few times until 
you are sure that your packet got digipeated a few times so that 
others can see it.  You should see MY PACKET when you are succcessful.

Be sure to change your setting back to you regular MYCALL, Comment
and STATUS as soon as you are finished with transmitting this object.

For more details on setting up the D700 for a variety of Mobile 
operations tasks, please see:

http://www.aprs.org/D7xx/d700-faq.txt

Bob, WB4APR
